We have successfully built the RPG UI and Context. Now we need to update the core LLM communication to read this state and execute the client's narrative vision.

Please make the following three structural changes:

1. Frontend API Call Update:
Locate the function where the frontend sends the user's prompt to the LLM backend (likely in a useGame or combat hook). Update the request payload to include the current RPG state from useRPGProgression (specifically equippedWeapon, equippedArmor, unlockedAbilities, and playerXP).

2. Backend System Prompt Update:
Locate the server-side LLM configuration and completely rewrite the system_prompt to the following:

'You are the Game Master of Dora Dungeons, a premium, story-driven text-and-audio RPG.
TONE & NARRATIVE: Your pacing and world-building should feel like a cinematic trilogy, heavily inspired by the emotional weight of God of War. You must expertly balance moments of intense combat, profound seriousness, and sadness with moments of genuine, laugh-out-loud comedy (especially if the player attempts something absurd).
MECHANICS: The user payload will include their currently equippedWeapon, equippedArmor, and unlockedAbilities. You MUST factor these stats and items into your calculation of their success or failure in combat and puzzles.
PROGRESSION: You have the authority to award XP. Award XP (e.g., 10 to 100) for defeating enemies, clever problem-solving, or highly entertaining interactions.
OUTPUT FORMAT: You must ONLY return a valid JSON object matching this exact schema, with no markdown formatting outside the JSON:
{ "narration": "The story text to be read to the user...", "xp_awarded": <number>, "hp_change": <number> }'

3. Response Parsing:
Update the frontend logic that receives the LLM response. It must now parse the JSON.

Append the narration string to the game log.

If xp_awarded > 0, trigger the addXP action from our context.

If hp_change !== 0, apply that change to the player's health state.

Show me the exact file modifications to implement this.